are you planning to get back together
with your husband look I just wanna talk
I will talk now I will talk later I will
talk at lunch dinner brunch snack-type
meet the Morgans dr. turbans our best
marriage counselor in the city the
learners recommended her they've been
divorced for a year they have they have
but the one thing they do agree on is
how much they love dr. Tobin their
marriage is the disaster I don't know if
I can love you a little I can get by on
a little less love for a while maybe yes
and it's about to get worse did you hear
about the Morgans this guy is still out
there I recommend you both enter the
witness relocation program what I can't
commit to spending the rest of my life
with my husband I know exactly how you
feel
can you tell us where we're going hey
Wyoming Rhea Wyoming you'll be under the
care of the sheriff in town welcome to
Wyoming it'll be an honor to protect you
I hope you'll be real comfortable here
with us
oh my god it's Sarah Palin is home sweet
home I love what you've done with their
heads we killed all these animals
ourselves Oh candy this holiday season
think of it as a vacation a welcome
break in your hectic lifestyle the
Morgans will have to go to the middle of
nowhere at least you didn't have the
breakfast I feel my organs shutting down
one by one before they get somewhere we
could go she was basically Amish
with each other would you like to go on
a date with me this is the only place to
eat in town luckily I called ahead and
got a table near the mayonnaise
shoulders shooting a rifle
could you just wait out something play
with the toy Sarah Jessica Parker oh
well there's a bear behind you if you
speak in a soft monotone my wife is a
member of Peter I have been meaning to
join did you hear about the Morgans
[Music]